To try it out if you have just cloned it (to your home directory):
* @source ~/.oh-my-zsh/templates/zshrc.zsh-template@

h1. Commands

* @tab@ - Create a new tab in the current directory (OS X - req enabling access for assistive devices under sys prefs)
* @take@ - Create a new directory and change to it, will create intermediate directories as required.
* @x@/@extract@ - Extract an archive (supported types: tar.{bz2,gz,xz,lzma}, bz2, rar, gz, tar, tbz2, tgz, zip, Z, 7z).
* @zsh_stats@ - Get a list of the top ten commands and how many times they have been run
* @uninstall_oh_my_zsh@ - Uninstall Oh-my-zsh 
* @upgrade_oh_my_zsh@ - Upgrade Oh-my-zsh 

h2. See @~/.oh-my-zsh/lib/directories.zsh@
* @alias@ lists all aliases
* @..@ aliases @cd ..@
* @cd..@ aliases @cd ..@
* @cd...@ aliases @cd ../..@
* @cd....@ aliases @cd ../../..@
* @cd.....@ aliases @cd ../../../..@
* @cd/@ aliases @cd /@
* @cd +n@ to switch to directory number @n@
* @1@ aliases @cd -@
* @2@ aliases @cd +2@
* @3@ aliases @cd +3@
* @4@ aliases @cd +4@
* @5@ aliases @cd +5@
* @6@ aliases @cd +6@
* @7@ aliases @cd +7@
* @8@ aliases @cd +8@
* @9@ aliases @cd +9@
* @md@ aliases @mkdir -p@
* @rd@ aliases @rmdir@
* @d@ aliases @dirs -v@, lists last used directories
* @mcd directory@ creates and changes into directory @directory@


h1. Tab-completion

* @ls -(tab)@ - For options and helpful text of what they do
* @cap (tab)@
* @rake (tab)@
* @ssh (tab)@
* @sudo umount (tab)@
* @kill (tab)@
* @unrar (tab)@

h1. Git

h2. Dynamic access to current branch name with the current_branch function

* @git pull origin $(current_branch)@
* @grb publish $(current_branch) origin@

h2. Helpful aliases for common git tasks
* @g@ - @git@
* @gst@ - @git status@
* @gl@ - @git pull@
* @gup@ - @git fetch && git rebase@
* @gp@ - @git push@
* @gd@ - @git diff | mate@
* @gdv@ - <code>git diff -w "$@" | vim -</code>
* @gc@ - @git commit -v@
* @gca@ - @git commit -v -a@
* @gco@ - @git checkout@
* @gb@ - @git branch@
* @gba@ - @git branch -a@
